the home
in this al theory I will show you how to add that custom one
photo gallery and brics
can stay in dictionary
galleries
choose the type of galleries you would like
I will choose a site but this space works for all types of
galleries
let's resize to the side
and now we're ready to fill it with photos
I just clicked manage
you can replace photo kaka one at a time
but I recommend you delete all the photos at once
only that nobody delete everything
are you sure
and now you're ready to dictionaries your own accounts
click add apparel
you can choose from my facts that are your saved photos
Already the ipc-s libvia photo or photo collection of the community
chic after the other to make the calculation of their own quotas
does not deserve
how about uploading more than one photo at a time just hold until
she counted and injured and how many photos you want
close the tribute here
now you're ready to add your photos to the gallery
just click on the photos
I kept clicking until you finished.
After you took the photos.
in manage you can add a description title and add clients
for each photo
this can also be good for search engines so you should
pay attention to doing so
When you've finished, here.
you can leave here while continuing customizing your gallery
you can add aspects change transitions and configure the mode
expand
which is what happens when users click on your photo
one of the things you should know about galleries
changed aspect and allowed to show details as title and description
the expansion mode will also allow you to control this
you can set up the dispute by using settings
you can add less and more
go ahead and toast her
remember there are always several your site